There he sat, twirling his personal, stylized mustache. It was avant garde, just like he wanted to be. The man, as he was so, just wanted a place in this world for his art. He continues to stare at the easel, thinking. After a while he felt a firm, calming hand on his shoulder. He sighed, hanging his head wearily. Are you yet another man come to end my life, if you can even see it that way? The hand didn't answer, as it had no mouth. However, it's owner did, speaking the soft, assuaging tones that had come to make him famous. No sir. I've seen too much death and war to want to do another such thing. Instead, I have come as a tutor. Here, grab that 2 inch brush and dip it in some titanium white and prussian blue.Hitler did such a thing, and the man behind him nodded. Good. Now, mix them together, until you have a rather nice pale blue... Adolf did so, his brush strokes trembling across the pallette. Easy there tiger, try to keep yourself calm, now. Painting is all about being steady, confident. Adolf nodded again, and went this time, albeit a bit slower, and mixed another selection. After he had done this the stranger patted his shoulder. Good, now let's see you paint a nice, open sky.But how? I can barely paint the ground, let allow what lies above it! Sighing, the man grabbed a firm hold of his arm and lifted it up. All you have to do is nice, tiny Xs, like so.. A portion, the top left hand corner was soon filled with a nice layer of blue. Now go ahead, try it. Adolf sighed and attempted this, and, to his surprise, mimicked the man's stroke almost perfectly.Ah! There ya go! Now, wash that brush off in your water and beat the devil out of it on your wood there... At this point, adolf couldn't help but turn around in surprise. You want me to beat my easel with it..? The afro'd figure behind him nodded, pulling off his woolen hood. Yes sir I Do. Go on. It won't hurt it. Tell me who you are first, then maybe I will... The figure smiled a bright smile, as a squirrel popped out of his hair.Why, I'm Bob. Bob Ross. And I heard you wanted to be a painter.------------Just popping in to say thank you the beautiful person who have me a gold.Hitler was having a piece of banana cake when Bob Ross walked in.And I just feel like no one *gets* me, you know? The future Fuhrer was saying to one of his servants, as he sprayed whipped cream over the cake, distracted. I mean, I know most artists are destined to be posthumous, but… I don't know, I guess I want the fame and the fortune too, you know?*Ja*, It is very hard, my master, the man said, in a German accent but in English for no reason at all, just like foreign characters in the movies.Hey, Hitler, Bob said, stepping in, confident. May I? he pulled a chair sat down without waiting for an answer.What is this!?Listen, I'm Bob Ross and I'm from the future and I paint stuff.Bob Ross?Yes. Here's the thing – I'm supposed to come here and teach you how to paint so you'll be a good painter and not invade Poland and then the rest of Europe and cause the death of millions of people.Holy shit, I do that!? Hitler widened his eyes.Oh, yes. It's awful. People still use your name as a reference to evil. There's even an internet law based on how long it takes until someone compares a certain situation to Nazi Germany during an argument.What's the internet?Never mind, Bob leaned forward. This is what we're going to do – I'm going to teach you how to –Excuse me, Hitler's servant said, in that same fake accent. I'm afraid I must intervene here.What's wrong?Well, Mr. Ross, have you considered the twist?The twist?Yes. The fact that you'll teach this man how to paint, he'll grow to be a famous painter, not invade anything, and when you return to your home time you'll find out that another man named, I don't know, Hans, has taken over Germany and did worse things than Adolf here could ever do.Ross frowned. I don't follow.You don't watch much Twilight Zone, do you? The servant asked.How do you know about the Twilight Zone? This is 1910.Never mind about that. The servant leaned back. My name is Hans, Ross. And I will take over Germany if you teach Adolf how to paint.Why!? Why would you do that?Why else would I be in the scene? Why would Hitler not be alone when you walked in? I have to serve some purpose for the plot, right? And let's face it – go back in time and kill/talk/convince/teach Hitler is a trope we've seen before, and it always ends like this. In fact, most time traveling tropes tend to end with a silly variation of the butterfly effect we-made-things-even-worse twist. Let's not make this prompt another example.Bob Ross scratched his head and thought about this. Shit. Okay. I guess. But what do we do now?Now we find a way to subvert time traveling tropes and present something fresh for the readers. And fast, because they're getting impatient.Why are they getting impatient? We're still at 500 words!Yes, but we've gone post-modern self-referential, characters-acknowledging-their-own-stories. That annoys some people.It's not really my fault, look at the prompt. Where do you go with time traveling Bob Ross and Hitler that's not self-referential parody?Now you're blaming the OP for your shortcomings as a storyteller. Classy.Not *my* shortcomings. I'm not the author.They both turn and stare at me for a second. I shrug.Anyway, Hans said, resuming the conversation. Do something different. Fast.But what?Huuuuuuh…. Fuck, I don't know. Kiss Hitler!Erotic Nazi Fanfic? No thanks.Okay, then… you have cancer, and Hitler nurses you to health, but in the end we find out *Hitler* has cancer too, and –I'm not taking part in The Fault in our Stars Feat. Adolf Hitler. It ain't gonna happen.Well, you gotta do something, and fast, because time is running out.Hitler? Any suggestions?Adolf looked around. He got up and paced. I don't know. Can you just return to your present time and call it a day?And then everything happens as it's supposed to? That's boring.Yeah… Hitler stopped. I don't know then. I really don't know.Hans shook his head. Okay, I got this. He grabbed a little radio device from his pocket and spoke into it. Send them in.Ross frowned. Send who in?Static emerged from the radio for a second, then a voice answered: Copy that.Send who in? Adolf repeated. What's happening?Well, Hans said, getting up. If we're in a Hitler and Bob Ross time traveling prompt and we can't figure out a way to turn it into something fresh, we might as well embrace irony and self-mockery to the full extent of Writing Prompt's classic tropes.What do you mean?The door came open behind Ross. He turned back and watched as two teenagers walked in – a boy in round glasses and a scar on his forehead and a girl that looked a lot like Emma Watson. Hey Harry, hey Hermione. Sorry to drag you into yet another prompt. You got the time turner?Yup, Harry said, in a bored tone.Harry Potter fanfic? Really? Ross shook his head. For fuck's sake.If we're gonna go down the rabbit's hole, let's do it proudly.Hermione started setting the time turner. Harry looked around, curious. Ross sighed.Fuck that, I'm out, Hitler said, and then he jumped out the window, and then WW II didn't happen, but the Statute of Secrecy *was* violated on account of the whole thing and muggles learned about magic and when Ross returned to his present day no one gave a shit about static paintings anymore, so he died a poor man, which I guess is irony or whatever, I don't even care._____*For more information on why the fourth wall is damaging your health and you should get rid of it, check out /r/psycho_alpaca =)*The suite on the sixth floor of the Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C., was decorated in chestnut and tan.  The headboard of the king size bed was carved as if it was a coat of arms of some legitimate monarch, and was trimmed with fake gold, which poorly matched the Kremlin red, velvet throw pillows.  Like the room's single, useless accent wall, the curtains were a brutal cerulean, suggesting a space that conceals more deception than the dark seabed of a Vladivostok harbor.  In all, the suite was reminiscent of something a Tsar might have once maintained, perhaps as quarters for secondary guests in some Eastern Palace.  Nevertheless, on that particular Pennsylvania Avenue afternoon, Ajit Pai, FCC Chairman, felt anything but secondary.  Ajit rolled over on the sheets, letting his chesthair peak out from his robe, and then stretching all the way from his scapula to his calves.  Laying beside him, Lowell C. McAdam, CEO of Verizon Communications, picked another chocolate covered strawberry from the bowl.  He placed it in Ajit's mouth, letting his hand linger on his former General Counsel's lips just a moment too long.You know I love dessert, Ajit said, but I hope you have something else for me.I don't recall you ever being so direct before, my Sugar Plum Lowell returned, clasping Ajit's buttocks.Maybe those FTC boys go easy on you, Ajit answered, pulling away, but only a little, only for show, but I'm from the FCC, so you better show me the cash first!Lowell sighed.  He spun off the bed.  He sauntered over to the bureau and picked up a leather briefcase with two silver latches.  Lowell showed Ajit what was inside: stacks and stacks of crisp hundred dollar bills.Just to be clear, Lowell explained, every last cent of this is to repeal net neutrality.  You're giving me that ass for free.Lowell pounced down on top of Ajit, groping at him the way a crude man only does to a prostitute.  Ajit loved feeling bought and paid for.  He giggled and squealed, and the two men kissed.But suddenly, the passion and privacy of the suite was shattered by a flash of light and a thunderous clap.  The hideous furniture Ivanka had inexplicably wanted credit for rattled along the carpet.  When the two lovers and conspirators regained their composure, there was a strange young man and woman standing before them, wearing tattered jeans and leather vests.  They both had AK-47s draped over their shoulders.  The woman punched Ajit hard in the jaw.Are you Ajit Pai the FCC chairman or Ajit Pai the cricketer! she demanded.  Her face was stained with dirt.What?  Who are you?  Where did you come from? Ajit asked, favoring his chin, his whole body quivering.FCC chairman or cricketer! the woman shouted again, brandishing the AK-47 at the frightened, half naked businessman, and lobbyist pretending to be a guard of the public interest.FCC! Ajit replied, Yes, I'm with the FCC!You know why she had to ask that, motherfucker? the rough man began, because the only other famous Ajit Pai was a fucking cricket player, and where we come from, Wikipedia pages take twenty minutes to load, unless you pay an extra $9.99 a month!  So all we really had to go on was the fucking disambiguation page.  You know how hard it is to tell an artificially intelligent time machine where you want to go, when all it can access are the goddamn disambiguation pages?The man picked Ajit up, and threw him onto the bed.  He did the same to Lowell.Your little side deal here, the woman explained to the telecommunications executives, let me tell you how this goes down.  First, you repeal net neutrality for some chump change kickback.  Then, of course, all the asshole ISPs start tacking on surcharges for people to get on pretty much all the good websites, until nobody could afford more than one.  So, the same thing happened that always happens when you force people to choose teams.  Society broke apart completely.  Soon, the Youtubian Republic was throwing molotov cocktails at the Facebook Moms, and the Netflixtariat were being rounded up by the Insta-thots.  Nobody talks to each other or shares anything, and it is terrible.  Ajit and Lowell looked to the door and windows, thinking of any possible escape.  But there was none.  They were hostages of an uncaring power who had no concern for their well being.But there was one silver lining to not having the web you're used to, the rough man continued, Without an open internet, nobody else got to find out that we finally cracked how to build a fully operational time machine.  We didn't tweet about it or do a single AMA.  Because why would we?  There'd be nobody online to see it.  That means we were able to skip all the bullshit and just travel right back here, right to this moment, before you two fucked each other, and then the whole country.Are, Lowell stammered, are you going to kill us?The time travelers laughed, then stuck peculiar glowing orbs on the lovers' chests.No, we're not going to kill you, the woman replied, instead, we're just going to send you boys into the future you're trying to create.  And we'll stay back here in 2017, when things were at least only halfway terrible.What?  No, you can't! Ajit shouted.Sure we can, the man told him, because time travel has no regulations.  I thought you loved it when technology has no regulation.The woman pushed a button on a strange remote.  The suite filled with another flash of light. Ajit and Lowell embraced.  They vanished.      Consciousness flooded James Bond all at once, but he did not show it. He stayed slack in his chair, eyelids limp, only listening. He sat strapped into the driver's seat, hands taped firmly to the steering wheel. They had put him in a thick white space suit that made his forehead prickle in fear-sweat. He turned his head toward the mirror. His visor was so dark he could not see his own eyes staring back at him.Beyond the car he heard nothing but the faint murmur of voices speaking on the other side of the glass. The back of his head ached in a slow, pulsing way, but he wasn't bleeding. Couldn't have been that bad. He could still think. He could still get out of this.He always could.Adrenaline erased the ache in his head, his horror and muted, near-forgotten panic. He knew where he was. Where he had to be.Someone knocked at the window to his right. The passenger door rose.The agent raised his eyes to see the face of the man he had pursued for weeks: the billionaire inventor who planned to blow up the Earth, once he shepherded all the most cultured and valuable people off of it. Musk, Bond spat. He sat up, maintaining a defiant air of dignity, despite his raging headache. Elon Musk grinned back at him. He swung open the door. Behind him stood a wall of armed henchmen, their fingers poised over triggers. He waved a dismissive hand to him and relaxed.Musk relaxed into the car beside him and patted the seat like it was his own child. This was one of the earliest ones, you know. The first cars we produced.Bond stared out the slanted window, steely-eyed and silent. He wriggled the fingers of his left hand out of his bulky glove one by one.It's a good send-off. Symbolic. People love a good symbol. He looked Bond over and patted his knee. You're integral, you see. I couldn't have done this without you.Why are you doing this? Bond sighed. His breath pearled in little beads of condensation down his visor.It's simple, Mr. Bond. I very much prefer you dead. And I would prefer to ensure no one can come looking for clues. His left hand came free of the glove. The suit was thick enough that it more or less held its shape as he snaked his arm slowly, tenuously, out of the sleeve of his suit.What is it you plan to do, then? Bond bit his lip, hard. This was his safest strategy. The best way to steal every spare second he needed.I think it's rather self-explanatory, Mr. Bond. Your suit--he rapped Bond's helmet with his fist--has a built-in radio. I've strapped you here to drive my car on its final journey. He spread his hands upward, and the ceiling panels opened overhead to a sky of smoke and stars. You'll be my Starman. I'll launch you into space. This suit, lovely as it looks, is not as airtight as it could be. It was designed for a dummy, you see. You'll have to do, for now.Bond growled through his teeth, Damn it, Musk--But Elon Musk carried on as if he did not hear, Don't try to hold your breath, Mr. Bond; your lungs will only explode. And the last thing you'll hear before shattering through our stratosphere and dying alone in the cold perfect vacuum of space... will be Earth. Cheering as you go.He had his arm bent as far it could go without bulging in the suit. Did not so much as look toward Elon Musk.That's the plan, then? he asked, solemnly.It appears so. Elon Musk smiled up at the stars. You'll be flying straight to hell at eleven kilometers a second, buddy. He slapped Bond's chest and laughed like they were old friends. And we were just getting to know each other.Bond yanked his arm out of his suit, delved into his jacket pocket for his pen. An innocent little thing, the metal battered and bruised, the ink dry. No one would think to remove it when they patted him down.Musk laughed. It's admirable, but don't think you can escape, Mister--He never got the chance to finish.James Bond depressed the tip of his pen. A burst of red light ate through the hide of his suit and sheared the windshield overhead in two.Musk staggered backward and shrieked, *Shoot* him! Shoot him, you stupid bastards!The men surged forward.Bond leapt out of the spacesuit and bolted like a rabbit out of his seat. He still wore his suit, albeit wrinkled, and his pocket square gone. They had taken his gun, so Bond dove behind the car and raised his pen. Calculated to himself how much mortal damage it could really carry out.He smirked. Now seemed as good a time as any to find out.***/r/shoringupfragments James Bond *usually* murders everyone in the room with a laser at the end of a movie right? Once, I had travelled with my schoolmates to the Royal Albert Hall in London. It struck me then as cavernous, almost as if the architect had taken a traditional gladiator’s arena, slapped a dome over it, then filled it with a winding domino-string of seats in concentric circles. Four storeys of seats, all tilted slightly to face the stage, easily four, five thousand people sitting enraptured by the musical landscapes evoked by the symphony. This theatre I was now in, was easily five, six times that size. I couldn’t be sure, actually, because there were no edges which I could perceive without my vision starting to swim.Welcome, welcome! boomed a voice from the stage. The spotlights swivelled to where I was standing, bathing me in golden luminance. A warm welcome for Gerry Hanley, please! As you all have seen, he lived a long and fruitful life, yielding in the end only to old age! A peaceful end, if you will!I didn’t know how to react to the entire audience suddenly rising to their feet, clapping as one for me. I was a schoolteacher in my life. I was used to combative classrooms, and certainly not once had my students ever thought to shower such appreciation for me. I waved weakly in response.And now for the results… Gerry Hanley will be going to… Team Blue!The groans from half the theatre were drowned out only by the rapturous cheers from the rest. Confetti spilled from the rafters, and I found myself being led down from the stage and along the aisles. Along the way, other apparent team members stretched out their hands, and I high-fived as many as I could. I collapsed into my seat, and finally the spotlights deserted me. I soaked in the relative darkness for a while, glad the attention was off me. Perhaps I could now gain some measure of my bearings.A single chime rung out through the theatre, deep and sonorous. Some people got up to leave, while others stayed in their seats, chatting with their neighbours. The giant screen on the stage lit up with the words: Intermission – Five Minutes.You want to grab a drink or something? Next one’s a bit heavy, a soldier in the Russian army, it seems. Might be good to stretch your legs first.The speaker was the lady on my right. She wore her dark hair in a tidy bob, and was clad in a sensible evening gown. Habit prodded me to introduce myself and to ask for her name, and we shook hands.What are we going to watch? I asked.The life of one Petyr Ivanov, Beth said. The same way we just watched your life unfold, from the very first breath to the last. She laughed at my reaction, then said, Oh don’t be a prude. There was nothing in your life that we hadn’t seen countless times before.And when… this Petyr has lived out his life, will he come here too? The way I did?Yes, Beth said. The same for me, and for everyone else here too. We’ve all been here a long, long time.My eyes drifted to the pamphlet I had found in my seat. At the top, I saw Petyr’s name, but it was the subsequent part of the title which intrigued me.It says ‘Reincarnation 23,274,899’ here… are we all the same person, just in different lifetimes? I asked. So are there other theatres out there, for different people?Not quite, Beth said. I mean, you’re right that everyone here is technically the same soul who took turns living on earth, but there are no other theatres. This is it.That doesn’t make sense, I said. What’s so special about us that only we get reincarnated? I mean, there are so many other peo- Oh, oh, you misunderstand! Beth laughed. There’s only one soul. One human soul. It’s just been split, or copied, I don’t know the term, but it’s the same soul in every living person on earth.… Just different physical vessels then? I said, turning the possibilities over in my mind. Different circumstances of birth, different living conditions… but everyone has the exact same soul?Yes, Beth said. You catch on quick.I was quiet for a while. The seconds ticked off the timer on the screen, and the lights began to dim. People streamed back in, holding little bags of what I assumed to be snacks.What’s this Team Blue thing they assigned me to? I asked.Everyone makes choices, see. No one here has ever seen the rules themselves. But we’ve watched enough to, if you will, kind of guess which Team someone will end up in, based on what they did on earth. You’re one of the ‘good’ ones. Morals are hard to pin down, every society’s got their own interpretations, so it always keeps us on our toes.I suppose those people are in Team Red then? I said, pointing to the other half of the theatre. Beth nodded. So what’s the point of it all then? What happens when we finally finish watching the lives of everyone on earth? What happens when one Team outnumbers the other?Beth smiled. Hidden projectors whirred to life, and the screen flickered with images of a baby boy, being handed over from a midwife to his mother. The audience clapped, and sporadic shouts of Go Team Blue! and Do Team Red proud emanated from various pockets of the crowd. I suppose then there will be a final reckoning, Beth said.--- /r/rarelyfunnyIf I shared anything with my reincarnations, it was in our belief in fate. Though each previous version of me held a very different perspective of it. The me that had died in the Great Depression thought it a terrible thing, wicked and omnipotent. The me that had lived as king in the middle ages thought it a gift presented by God. Me, I believed it a promise.My next reincarnation was a baby with deep blue eyes and pink skin named George. He started his life alone. George cried so much that they had to put him in a separate room, devoid of the other infants. A nurse checked in on him every few hours. Nobody blamed her. She had more pressing matters to attend to, such as George’s mother, whose heart rate was steadily growing out of control and her breathing stuttered.When the young lady died, she did so whispering her son’s name. I wasn’t sure if she ever even got a look at him. In that hospital room, with the flat-line beep of a heart rate monitor, the nurse checking on George stood, lips quivering and fists clenched. In this world, children were supposed to be loved by their parents. If not the mother, who else would? For George, it was nobody, not even himself.The orphanage boasted posters of smiling blonde-haired boys and girls with deep blue eyes. George could’ve been a literal poster boy if he ever smiled. But no matter how many stuffed animals they threw his way, how many hugs and smiles they offered him, they could never get those lip-locked edges to curve up.By the time he had hit thirteen, he had already smoked his first cigarette and drank his first beer. Nobody wanted to tell him, but everybody knew. Nobody adopted teenagers. He would be a lifer, an unwanted child turned into an unwanted adult.And on his seventeenth birthday, he bought a gun.None of us watching were worried at all for other people. Despite everything that happened, George was a gentle boy and that was his problem. Nobody could reach him through his overpowering politeness. It took a mother’s love to chip away at the boy and all he had was an old photo of a ghost who once loved him.He snuck out when the moon had hit its apex, left all the money he had in a small package with a letter. It read: *Thanks for taking care of me.* And that was it. He didn’t sign it, didn’t address it to anyone, he wrote it all in a cheap pen and stuffed it inside with twelve-hundred dollars cash.The spot he chose was out of the way. Nobody was nearby to be disturbed. No runners would come this way to be scared. The only selfishness he allowed himself was that it was by a river, a black canvas of glittering moonlight.I was never meant to live, he told himself and us. This is fate.Some of us nodded with him. Others shook their heads. I stared, my neck stiff, eyes unblinking as he put the gun to his temple.No, I whispered. Don’t do it.Some of us, the more boisterous ones, cheered along, egging the boy to pull the trigger. They had seen a thousand lives and would see a thousand more until all of mankind vanished. A single life in a single point of time meant nothing to them. But for me, this was my first.No, I said and stood from my seat. Please.The screen flickered to the tremble of his finger. Soon, it would go completely black. He would fulfill his fate.No! I screamed. This isn’t how it should go!The boisterous ones were no longer laughing. The others around me turned away their eyes. At one point in time, they had all been me. They had thought that life mattered, that our pain had meaning. But after a thousand shows of a thousand lives, most of them only slept through the show.I clenched my fists, the words swelling in my lungs. Then, I took the breath to give them life and I prayed, that somehow, I wasn’t just a dead man with a loud mouth.Don’t pull, I yelled, tears pouring down my cheeks and snot from my nose. Not until you have a chance. Maybe you never will, maybe this will be how it always is, maybe I’m wrong about everything, but there’s meaning in your pain! I can’t tell you if I’m right or if I’m certain. My voice dropped low. I can only promise.George closed his eyes. He hadn’t heard me, of course he wouldn’t.I held my breath.Then, George broke down, the gun still pressed to his head. So cruel, he whispered to nobody. After all this, all I have is a promise. That’s all my fate has to offer.My eyes went wide. My jaw dropped. And that’s enough, I said, my voice too low even for myself to hear.There, George stood, the gun rigid in his hand. And when his tears fell, so too did his gun.---Happy Thanksgiving. /r/jraywang.No! No! Don't become a pornstar!Me from 4 lives ago began shouting at the screen.The male ones don't make any money! said me from 1 life ahead.Who cares? He'll be living the rest of his life banging hot girls! objected me from 10 lives agoBut it's like your favorite food or music, when you have it too much you get bored. Not to mention the STDs, pointed out me from 7 lives ago.We know you were a fucking doctor, shut the fuck up! The speaker (I honestly can't keep track of the numbers) was a boxer who had anger issues.Make me bitch!'Hold up, hold up, he's gonna decide! said one of the younger mes.The current me started deciding between a full ride to his state college and going with his contact in the industry labeled in his phone as Slimy Susan.Eventually, he put down his phone, and started looking up careers for an english major.NO! shouted me from 4 lives ago. Shit, become a pornstar, become a pornstar!A brawl broke out between the mes.I put my head in my hands. I'd really prefer hell right now.What is this? I asked as I made my way down the aisle. It was a normal theater, in fact it looked just like the one that I used to visit all the time with my wife, but something was... different. There were five other people in the room, all seated nearly as far apart as possible. Something prickled in the back of my mind, something that connected me to those other people, but I wasn't sure what it was.What is this? I repeated, louder this time.Just shut up and take a seat. A man in the top right section of the theater shouted back.Grumbling, I found a seat in the bottom section of the theater and settled in, watching as the screen changed, showing a video that began with a blast of white light. The peculiar thing was though... as I watched, I recognized every moment of the film. It was my life. *My* life, exactly. From the moment I exited the hospital on my birth date, to the moment I took my final breath. My entire life, summed up in a five minute video.What the...? I began, when someone plopped down in the seat next to me.Pretty crazy, huh? A man said, and when my eyes found his, I gasped.He looked exactly like me, as if someone had dropped me into a cloning machine. Or was I a clone of him?What is this? I asked for the third time.My clone motioned around to the theater. Welcome to the Brady Wells Cinema, my friend. We all wind up here eventually. The Brady in the corner up there? He was the first one of us to show up here.That's... nice. I breathed, still awestruck by the man in front of me. But what is this place?Other Brady relaxed back into his chair, letting his arms stretch out behind him. Call it Heaven, call it Hell, whatever you want, but we've got one job while we're here: to watch.Watch what?Other Brady pointed at the screen, which was fading from black to gray, like those scenes where someone is opening their eyes.The next Brady. We watch his life and pray that he gets it right. If he doesn't, he'll show up here, just like you did. At the look I gave him, Other Brady grinned. Aw don't feel bad, Brady, I'm here too, aren't I?I nodded, still not quite understanding. The screen faded to white, and then a room came into view. A hospital room, a plethora of doctors, and a very joy-struck man that held his arms out towards New Brady.What do you mean we 'pray that he gets it right'? Get what right? Someone in the upper section directed a loud *shhh!* in our direction.Other Brady casually flipped them off without ever taking his eyes off me. Life. If you haven't guessed yet, we're all here because we failed in some way. Brady number 3 up there? One of the richest men alive, but no kids. Not even money buys our way to the Great Beyond. So we watch. And we pray that the latest Brady gets it right, then we can all move on.That doesn't make any sense. I said finally, struggling to keep my voice below a whisper. What do you mean?You just sit here and watch? That's it? What's the point if you can't help the latest Brady live his life correctly? It could take a millennia to get it right. I glanced around the theater. Only five other versions of myself in the room. How many more until we got it right?Look, I'm not saying I like it, or that it's perfect, but it's just how it is. I don't make the rules. That door you came through? It only opens once, and that's when the latest Brady dies, otherwise it's locked. So yeah, we just sit here and watch. Other Brady whispered, keeping his eyes glued to the screen.The latest Brady was being rocked gently by strong arms. A soft lullaby was being sung by an unseen woman. Have you ever tried to go through the door when it is open? I whispered, and Other Brady spun on me so quickly, it was almost inhuman. No, he hissed like a venomous serpent, and we aren't ever going to. You may not like it, Brady, but this is how it is. We sit and watch. You try to disrupt that and cause trouble? We'll stop you. We've done it before. And with that, Other Brady rose from his seat and relocated himself to across the room.I sighed, slumping into my seat like a pouting child. My eyes found the screen, watching reluctantly as Brady was passed off to the father. He was crying happily, hugging the baby close to his chest. Was this really all there was in the afterlife? A dim theater with irritated versions of myself? I wanted to believe that this was all some horrible dream, that I would wake up in my bed an old, weary man, but I knew I wouldn't. My time had passed, and now it was this New Brady's turn at life. I would just have to learn to deal with it.As I watched the film, I adjusted my position in the seat, trying to get comfortable in these budget theater chairs. It was going to be a long movie.Whooooo!!! I'm here for this! Congratulations for all the hard work and the published novel!!